Add docs for rollout strategy (#145)
kubernetes-sigs/lws: docs/examples/sample/README.md

# How to use LeaderWorkerSet Features

Below are some examples to use different features of LeaderWorkerSet.

Deploy a LeaderWorkerSet with 3 groups and 4 workers in each group. You can find an example [here](lws.yaml)

> ## Multi template for leader/worker pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Multi-template Pods
```

> LWS support using different templates for leader and worker pods. You could find the example [here](lws-multi-template.yaml),
> leader pod's spec is specified in leaderTemplate, and worker pods' spec is specified in workerTemplate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LWS support using different templates for leader and worker pods. You can find the example [here](lws-multi-template.yaml). The leader pod's spec is specified in leaderTemplate, while the worker pods' spec is specified in workerTemplate.
```

## Restart Policy

> You could specify the RestartPolicy to define the failure handling schematics for the pod group.
> By default, only failed pods will be automatically restarted. When the RestartPolicy is set to RecreateGroupOnRestart, it will recreate
> the groups on container/pods restarts. All the worker pods will be recreated after the new leader pod is started.
> You can find an example [here](lws-restart-policy.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the RestartPolicy to define the failure handling schematics for the pod group.
By default, only failed pods will be automatically restarted. When the RestartPolicy is set to RecreateGroupOnRestart, it will recreate the pod group on container/pods restarts. All the worker pods will be recreated after the new leader pod is started. You can find an example [here](lws-restart-policy.yaml).
```

## Rollout Strategy

> Rolling update is vital to online services with zero downtime. For LLM, this is particularly important, which helps to mitigate the stockout situation. Two different configurations are supported in LWS, `maxUnavailable` and `maxSurge`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rolling update is vital to online services with zero downtime. For LLM, this is particularly important, which helps to mitigate stockouts. Two different configurations are supported in LWS, `maxUnavailable` and `maxSurge`:
```

> - MaxUnavailable: It indicates how many replicas are allowed to be unavailable during the update, the unavailable number is based on the leaderWorkerSet Replicas. Default to 1.
> - MaxSurge: It indicates how many extra replicas can be deployed during the update, default to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MaxUnavailable`: Indicates how many replicas are allowed to be unavailable during the update, the unavailable number is based on spec.Replicas. Defaults to 1.
- `MaxSurge`: Indicates how many extra replicas can be deployed during the update. Defaults to 0.
```

Note that maxSurge and maxUnavailable can not both be zero at the same time.

Here's a leaderWorkerSet configured with rollout strategy, you can find the example [here](lws-rollout-strategy.yaml):

```yaml
spec:
  rolloutStrategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdateConfiguration:
      maxUnavailable: 2
      maxSurge: 2
  replicas: 4
```

> We'll have a dry run for rolling update process, the rolling step is equal to maxUnavailable(2)+maxSurge(2)=4, three Replica status are simulated here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following we show how rolling update progresses for an LWS with three replicas. The rolling step is equal to maxUnavailable(2)+maxSurge(2)=4:
```

- ✅ Replica has been updated
- ❎ Replica hasn't been updated
- ⏳ Replica is in rolling update

|      | Partition | Replicas | R-0 |  R-1 | R-2 | R-3 | R-4 | R-5 | Note |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Stage1      | 0 | 4 |  ✅   |  ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |  |  | Before rolling update |
| Stage2   | 4 | 6 |  ❎ | ❎ | ❎ | ❎ | ⏳ | ⏳ | Rolling update started |
| Stage3      | 2 | 6 |  ❎  |  ❎ | ⏳ | ⏳ | ⏳ | ⏳ | Partition changes from 4 to 2 |
| Stage4      | 2 | 6 |  ❎  |  ❎ | ⏳ | ⏳ | ✅ | ⏳ | Since the last Replica is not ready, Partition will not change |
| Stage5   | 0 | 6 |  ⏳ | ⏳ | ⏳ | ⏳ | ✅ | ✅ | Partition changes from 2 to 0 |
| Stage6      | 0 | 6 |  ⏳  |  ⏳ | ⏳ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |  |
| Stage7   | 0 | 5 |  ⏳ | ✅ | ⏳ | ✅ | ✅ | | Reclaim a Replica for the accommodation of unready ones |
| Stage8     | 0 | 4 |  ✅  | ⏳ |  ✅ | ✅ | | | Release another Replica |
| Stage9     | 0 | 4 |  ✅  | ✅ |  ✅ | ✅ | | | Rolling update completed |

## Horizontal Pod AutoScaler (HPA)

> LWS expose a scale endpoint for HPA to trigger scaling. An example HPA yaml for LWS can be found [here](horizontal-pod-autoscaler.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LWS supports the scale subresource for HPA to manage workload autoscaling. An example HPA yaml for LWS can be found [here](horizontal-pod-autoscaler.yaml)
```
